'Senior Software Dev Engineer Job Description\n\n\n\nAre you passionate about enterprise-wide scale compliance management? Are you excited about impactful technical projects that help our biggest enterprise customers manage hundreds of accounts with over a million resources across multiple regions? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the pioneer and recognized leader in the Cloud. Our web services provide a platform for IT infrastructure that is used by hundreds of thousands of developers and businesses around the world. These customers range from start-ups to leading web companies to Global 500 companies in financial services, healthcare, and technology.\n\nAWS Config is the foundation service that customers rely on to manage the configuration and compliance for their cloud resources. AWS Config Rules builds atop Config to help customers audit and automatically mitigate their technical infrastructure and resources, e.g. checking the readability of S3 buckets and automatically applying missing security policies where needed. We are looking for an experienced Software Development Engineer who will work with a highly respected development team to create high scale distributed services that expand the reach and functionality of Config rules. In this role, you will own solutions from design and execution through deployment and support, using the best of available tools, including EC2 Native, Lambda, DynamoDB, and ElasticSearch. You will be responsible for holding the code quality high, even as we optimize our development processes to better serve our customers, and will be expected to mentor and guide junior engineers. You should be invested in helping our enterprise customers enforce IT policies and best practices across their applications on AWS and beyond, understanding that it is important to pair infrastructure with the ability to properly manage it at scale. Most importantly, you should be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment where delivery of new products and features is very rapid. AWS Config is one of the most critical requirements for large enterprises moving to AWS.\n\nThe right candidate will possess proven software engineering skills, with experience creating and launching large distributed systems with the help of a team. You are expected to be versatile, able to thrive in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment and eager to mentor junior engineers. You are comfortable managing competing priorities and are able to bring order to ambiguous scenarios. Maturity, impeccable judgment, and the ability to influence and lead are essential to success in this role. You are data-driven and analytical. You can clearly & effectively communicate (written as well as verbally) across organizations and up to senior leadership.\n\nWork/Life Balance\nOur team puts a high value on work-life balance. Our entire team is located in the Virginia Office with Config sister teams in Seattle office. We’re also flexible when people occasionally need to work from home. We generally keep core in-office hours from 10am to 4pm.\n\nMentorship & Career Growth\nWe’re committed to the growth and development of every Config team member.\nYou will be expected to mentor and guide junior engineers. You will engage with the open source community, listening to their feedback to improve the experience and helping to drive long term vision with the larger Config team.\n\nInclusive Team culture\nHere at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.\n\n\n\n\nBASIC QUALIFICATIONS\n\n· 4+ years of professional software development experience\n· 3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design\n· 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems\n\n\nPREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS\n\n· 6+ years experience building high scale distributed systems that handle big amounts of data\n· Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance, scalability, availability, and internet and OS security fundamentals\n· Demonstrated ability to mentor other software developers in all aspects of their engineering skillsets\n· Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, product strategy and influence outcomes in technical decision-making\n· Experience using Amazon Web Services\n· Track record of building and delivering mission critical, 24x7 production software systems\n· Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive.'